('Fuck all you hoes!' Get a grip, motherfucker!)
Yeah, this album is dedicated
To all the teachers that told me I'd never amount to nothin'
To all the people that lived above the buildings that I was hustlin' in front of
Called the police on me when I was just tryin' to make some money to feed my daughter (it's all good)
And all the niggas in the struggle
You know what I'm sayin'? It's all good, baby baby

It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up! magazine
Salt-n-Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine
Hangin' pictures on my wall
Every Saturday Rap Attack, Mr. Magic, Marley Marl
I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped
Smokin' weed in Bambu, sippin' on Private Stock
Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack
With the hat to match
Remember Rappin' Duke? Duh-ha, duh-ha
You never thought that hip-hop would take it this far
Now I'm in the limelight 'cause I rhyme tight
Time to get paid, blow up like the World Trade
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner
Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner
Peace to Ron G, Brucie B, Kid Capri
Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starski
I'm blowin' up like you thought I would
Call the crib, same number, same hood, it's all good
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga

You know very well
Who you are
Don't let 'em hold you down
Reach for the stars
You had a goal
But not that many
'Cause you're the only one
I'll give you good and plenty

I made the change from a common thief
To up close and personal with Robin Leach and I'm far from cheap
I smoke skunk with my peeps all day
Spread love, it's the Brooklyn way
The Moët and Alizé keep me pissy, girls used to diss me
Now they write letters 'cause they miss me
I never thought it could happen, this rapping stuff
I was too used to packing gats and stuff
Now honeys play me close like butter play toast
From the Mississippi down to the East Coast
Condos in Queens, indo for weeks
Sold out seats to hear Biggie Smalls speak
Living life without fear
Puttin' five karats in my baby girl ear
Lunches, brunches, interviews by the pool
Considered a fool 'cause I dropped out of high school
Stereotypes of a black male misunderstood
And it's still all good
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga

You know very well
Who you are
Don't let 'em hold you down
Reach for the stars
You had a goal
But not that many
'Cause you're the only one
I'll give you good and plenty

Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis
When I was dead broke, man, I couldn't picture this
50-inch screen, money-green leather sofa
Got two rides, a limousine with a chauffeur
Phone bill about two G's flat
No need to worry, my accountant handles that
And my whole crew is loungin'
Celebrating every day, no more public housin'
Thinkin' back on my one-room shack
Now my mom pimps an Ac' with minks on her back
And she loves to show me off of course
Smiles every time my face is up in The Source
We used to fuss when the landlord dissed us
No heat, wonder why Christmas missed us
Birthdays was the worst days
Now we sip Champagne when we thirsty
Uh, damn right I like the life I live
'Cause I went from negative to positive
And it's all… (It's all good, nigga)
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga

You know very well
Who you are
Don't let 'em hold you down
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga
Reach for the stars
You had a goal
But not that many
'Cause you're the only one
I'll give you good and plenty
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga

Representin' B-Town in the house
Junior Mafia, mad flavor
Uh, uh, yeah, a'ight

You know very well
Who you are
Don't let 'em hold you down
Reach for the stars
You had a goal
But not that many
'Cause you're the only one
I'll give you good and plenty

Biggie Smalls, it's all good, nigga
Junior Mafia, it's all good, nigga
Bad Boy, it's all good, nigga
It's all good
That's right, '94
And on and on, and on and on
You know very well
It's all good
Who you are
Yeah…
Don't let 'em hold you down
Reach for the stars

Uh, uh, check it out (yeah), uh
Junior M.A.F.I.A., uh (hehe)
Uh (I like this) yeah, yeah
Nine-fo' (keep bangin')

To all the ladies in the place with style and grace
Allow me to lace these lyrical douches in your bushes
Who rock grooves and make moves with all the mamis?
The back of the club, sippin' Moët is where you'll find me
The back of the club, mackin' hoes, my crew's behind me
Mad question askin', blunt passin'
Music blastin', but I just can't quit
Because one of these honeys Biggie got to creep with
Sleep with, keep the ep a secret, why not?
Why blow up my spot cause we both got hot?
Now check it: I got more mack than Craig, and in the bed
Believe me, sweetie, I got enough to feed the needy
No need to be greedy, I got mad friends with Benzes
C-notes by the layers, true fuckin' players
Jump in the Rover and come over
Tell your friends jump in the GS3, I got the chronic by the tree

I love it when you call me big poppa
Throw your hands in the air if you's a true player
I love it when you call me big poppa
To the honies getting money
Playing niggas like dummies
I love it when you call me big poppa
If you got a gun up in your waist
Please don't shoot up the place!
‘Cause I see some ladies tonight
That should be having my baby, baby

Straight up, honey, really I'm askin'
Most of these niggas think they be mackin', but they be actin'
Who they attractin' with that line
"What's your name? What's your sign?"
Soon as he buy that wine, I just creep up from behind
And ask you what your interests are, who you be with
Things that make you smile, what numbers to dial
You gon' be here for a while?
I'm gon' go call my crew, you go call your crew
We can rendezvous at the bar around 2
Plans to leave, throw the keys to Lil Cease
Pull the truck up front, and roll up the next blunt
So we can steam on the way to the telly, go fill my belly
A T-bone steak, cheese eggs and Welch's grape
Conversate for a few, ‘cause in a few we gon' do
What we came to do, ain't that right, boo? (true)
Forget the telly, we just go to the crib
And watch a movie in the jacuzzi, smoke L's while you do me

I love it when you call me big poppa
Throw your hands in the air if you's a true player
I love it when you call me big poppa
To the honies getting money
Playing niggas like dummies
I love it when you call me big poppa
If you got a gun up in your waist
Please don't shoot up the place!
‘Cause I see some ladies tonight
That should be having my baby, baby

(How you living, Biggie Smalls?) In mansions and Benzes
Givin' ends to my friends, and it feels stupendous
Tremendous cream: fuck a dollar and a dream
Still tote gats strapped with infrared beams
Choppin' Os, smokin' la in Optimos
Money, hoes and clothes: all a nigga knows
A foolish pleasure? Whatever
I had to find the buried treasure, so grams I had to measure
However, living better now, Coogi sweater now
Drop top BM's, I'm the man, girlfriend

Yeah, honey, check it—
Tell your friends to get with my friends
And we can be friends
Shit, we can do this every weekend, aight?
Is that aight with you?
Yeah… keep bangin'

I love it when you call me big poppa
Throw your hands in the air if you's a true player
I love it when you call me big poppa
To the honies getting money
Playing niggas like dummies
I love it when you call me big poppa
If you got a gun up in your waist
Please don't shoot up the place!
‘Cause I see some ladies tonight
That should be having my baby, baby

Uh, check it out
Nine-fo' shit for that ass, uh
Puff Daddy, Biggie Smalls, Junior M.A.F.I.A
Represent—baby, baby, uh

Hello? Aw shit, nigga!
What the fuck time is it, man?
Oh goddamn
Nigga, do you know what time it is?
Aw shit, what the fuck's goin' on? You a'ight?
Nigga, what the fuck is wrong with you?

When I die, fuck it, I wanna go to hell
'Cause I'm a piece of shit, it ain't hard to fuckin' tell
It don't make sense, goin' to heaven with the goodie-goodies
Dressed in white, I like black Timbs and black hoodies
God'll prob'ly have me on some real strict shit
No sleepin' all day, no gettin' my dick licked
Hangin' with the goodie-goodies, loungin' in paradise
Fuck that shit, I wanna tote guns and shoot dice
(You talkin' some crazy shit now, nigga)
All my life I been considered as the worst
Lyin' to my mother, even stealin' out her purse
Crime after crime, from drugs to extortion
I know my mother wish she got a fuckin' abortion
She don't even love me like she did when I was younger
(Get a hold of yourself, nigga!)
Suckin' on her chest just to stop my fuckin' hunger
I wonder; if I died, would tears come to her eyes?
Forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies
My baby mother's eight months, her little sister's two
Who's to blame for both of them? (Nah, nigga, not you)
I swear to God I want to just slit my wrists and end this bullshit
Throw the Magnum to my head, threaten to pull shit
(Nigga, what the fuck?)
And squeeze until the bed's completely red
(It's too late for this shit, man)
I'm glad I'm dead, a worthless fuckin' buddha head
The stress is buildin' up, I can't— I can't believe
(Yo, I'm on my way over there, man)
Suicide's on my fuckin' mind, I wanna leave
I swear to God I feel like death is fuckin' callin' me
But nah, you wouldn't understand
(Nigga, talk to me please, man!)
You see it's kinda like the crack did to Pookie in New Jack
Except when I cross over, there ain't no comin' back
(Yo, I'ma call you when I get in the car)
Should I die on the train track like Ramo in Beat Street
People at the funeral frontin' like they miss me
(Ayo, where your girl at, man?)
My baby mama kiss me, but she glad I'm gone
(Yo, put your girl on the phone, nigga!)
She know me and her sister had somethin' goin' on
I reach my peak, I can't speak
(Ayo, you listenin' to me, motherfucker?)
Call my nigga Chic, tell him that my will is weak (Ayo, c'mon, nigga)
I'm sick of niggas lyin', I'm sick of bitches hawkin'
Matter of fact, I'm sick of talkin' *BANG*
(Ayo Big! Ayo Big!)

{Heartbeat slowing}
Please hang up, and try your call again
Please hang up—is a recording

Hah, sicker than your average
Poppa twist cabbage off instinct
Niggas don't think shit stink
Pink gators, my Detroit players
Timbs for my hooligans in Brooklyn
Dead right, if the head right, Biggie there e'ry night
Poppa been smooth since days of Underoos
Never lose, never choose to, bruise crews who
Do somethin' to us, talk go through us
Girls walk to us, wanna do us, screw us
Who us? Yeah, Poppa and Puff
Close like Starsky and Hutch, stick the clutch
Dare I squeeze three at your cherry M-3
(Take that, take that, take that, ha ha!)
Bang every MC easily, busily
Recently niggas frontin', ain't sayin' nothin'
So I just speak my piece, keep my peace
Cubans with the Jesus piece, with my peeps
Packin', askin', "Who want it?"
You got it, nigga, flaunt it
That Brooklyn bullshit, we on it

Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid

I put hoes in NY onto DKNY
Miami, D.C. prefer Versace
All Philly hoes go with Moschino
Every cutie with a booty bought a Coogi
Now who's the real dookie?
Meaning, who's really the shit?
Them niggas ride dicks, Frank White push the six
Or the Lexus, LX, four and a half
Bulletproof glass, tints if I want some ass
Gonna blast, squeeze first, ask questions last
That's how most of these so-called gangsters pass
At last, a nigga rappin' about blunts and broads
Tits and bras, ménage à trois, sex in expensive cars
I'll still leave you on the pavement
Condo paid for, no car payment
At my arraignment, note for the plaintiff
"Your daughter's tied up in a Brooklyn basement"
Face it, not guilty, that's how I stay filthy
Richer than Richie, 'til you niggas come and get me

Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid

I can fill you with real millionaire shit (I can fill ya)
Escargot, my car go, one sixty, swiftly
Wreck it, buy a new one
Your crew run-run-run, your crew run-run
I know you sick of this, name brand nigga with
Flows, girls say he's sweet like licorice
So, get with this nigga, it's easy
Girlfriend, here's a pen, call me round ten
Come through, have sex on rugs that's Persian
Come up to your job, hit you while you workin'
For certain, Poppa freakin', not speakin'
Leave that ass leakin', like rapper demo
Tell them ho take they clothes off slowly
Hit 'em with the force like Obi
Dick black like Toby
Watch me roam like Romey
Lucky they don't owe me
Where the safe? Show me, homie (homie)

Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid

Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid

Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid

It's the ten crack commandments, what?
Nigga can't tell me nothing about this coke
Can't tell me nothing about this crack, this weed, for my hustlin' niggas
Niggas on the corner I ain't forget you niggas, my triple beam niggas

I've been in this game for years, it made me a animal
There's rules to this shit, I wrote me a manual
A step-by-step booklet for you to get
Your game on track, not your wig pushed back
Rule Nombre Uno: never let no one know
How much dough you hold cause you know
The cheddar breed jealousy 'specially
If that man fucked up, get yo' ass stuck up
Number 2: never let 'em know your next move
Don't you know Bad Boys move in silence and violence?
Take it from your highness
I done squeezed mad clips at these cats for they bricks and chips
Number 3: never trust nobody
Your moms'll set that ass up, properly gassed up
Hoodied and masked up, shit, for that fast buck
She be laying in the bushes to light that ass up
Number 4: I know you heard this before
"Never get high on your own supply"
Number 5: never sell no crack where you rest at
I don't care if they want a ounce, tell 'em "bounce!"
Number 6: that goddamn credit? Dead it
You think a crackhead paying you back, shit forget it!
7: this rule is so underrated
Keep your family and business completely separated
Money and blood don't mix like two dicks and no bitch
Find yourself in serious shit
Number 8: never keep no weight on you!
Them cats that squeeze your guns can hold jums too
Number 9 shoulda been Number 1 to me:
If you ain't gettin' bagged stay the fuck from police
If niggas think you snitchin' they ain't trying to listen
They be sittin' in your kitchen, waiting to start hittin'
Number 10: a strong word called "consignment"
Strictly for live men, not for freshmen
If you ain't got the clientele, say "hell no!"
Cause they gon' want they money rain sleet hail snow
Follow these rules you'll have mad bread to break up
If not, 24 years on the wake up
Slug hit your temple, watch your frame shake up
Caretaker did your makeup, when you passed
Your girl fucked my man Jake up
Heard in three weeks she sniffed a whole half a cake up
Heard she suck a good dick, and can hook a steak up
Gotta go gotta go, more pies to bake up, word up

Crack King, Frank Wiz-zhite

And Biggie, Biggie…
(We gon' rock the party, rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(Better run and tell everybody, everybody, everybody)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie

Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high

It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(We gon' rock the party, rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(Better run and tell everybody, everybody, everybody)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie

No-to-rious, thugs
Nothin' but them thugstas
Nothin' but them thugsta thugstas
No-to-rious, thugs
Nothin' but them thugstas
Nothin' but them thugsta thugstas

It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(No-to-rious, thugs)
(We gon' rock the party, rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(No-to-rious, thugs)
(Better run and tell everybody, everybody, everybody)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon

Armed and dangerous, ain't too many can bang with us
Straight up weed, no angel dust
Label us "Notorious
Thug-ass niggas that love to bust," it's strange to us
Y'all niggas be scramblin', gamblin'
Up in restaurants with mandolins and violins
We just sittin' here tryna win, try not to sin
High off weed and lots of gin
So much smoke, need oxygen
Steadily countin' them Benjamins
Nigga, you should too if you knew what this game'll do to you
Been in this shit since '92
Look at all the bullshit I been through
So-called beef with you-know-who
Fucked a few female stars or two
Then I blew like, nigga, move like Mike
Shit, not to be fucked with
Motherfucker better duck quick
'Cause me and my dogs love to buck shit
Fuck the luck shit, strictly aim
No aspirations to quit the game
Spit your game, talk your shit
Grab your gat, call your clique
Squeeze your clip, hit the right one
Pass that weed, I got to light one
All them niggas, I got to fight one
All them hoes, I got to like one
Our situation is a tight one
What you gonna do: fight or run?
Seems to me that you'll take B
Bone and Big, nigga, die slowly
I'ma tell you like a nigga told me
"Cash Rules Everything Around Me"
Shit, lyrically, niggas can't see me
Fuck it, buy the coke, cook the coke, cut it
Know the bitch 'fore you caught yourself lovin' it
Nigga with a Benz fuckin' it
Doesn't it seem odd to you?
Big come through with mobs and crews
Goodfellas down to the Mo' Thugs dudes
Who's the killer: me or you?

We forgive you, for you know not what you do

7 AM, woke in the morning
With Hen' and caffeine and green and nicotine
No dough, so pop a couple of doze
Lil' RIPsta, nigga Mista Clean, nigga Dean
Deep in my temple and not to get sentimentally steamed
With my instrumelody, and heated, especially for your team
And a .45 indeed will beam in between the scenes
Destroy your dreams; you willin' to die? We'll see
How many flee when I cause the scene?
We mean mug, Mo' Thugs, trained to be perfect disciples
When it's survival, tongue is a double-edged sword
Triple six rivals spittin' fire
This the real truth, bitch, breakin' out for lies
My Messiah's better be ready for Armageddon, shit's expired
It's wild, bless the child, the one that became a man
Put in positions off in the Clair
All that I had to do was stare
Test me now, contender; never no surrender, no pretend
Pick up my pen, in my hand, one of my trusted friend-friends
Hey, open it! Let's see if we're real, we all suited
Beg my pardon to Martin: baby, we ain't marchin', we shootin'
In daily recruitin', there's a thug born everyday in the ghetto
We start 'em off little, we give 'em a bible
And a pen and a pad to hit the label – kick it, nigga!

Nigga roll with Bone up into the Thug spot
To the dome with a shot of bird
Never get tossed to the curb
Be feelin' that urge to splurge
But I'm broke as fuck, Sin, give me that Mossberg swerve!
Up into my bag, ‘cause I gotta get my mask and shells
To put in this 12 gauge sawed-off
Get 'em hauled off, nigga, your loss
Take it all off, got a nigga caught off
But the Bone, not Leatherface
Too many are thinkin' they thugs
And little Mo Hart want to pull it and bust it
And bitch, if you steppin', we buckin' them guts – that's fucked up
Now let me get done with the grime
Gotta go purchase a dime
Put in a state to get done with the crime
Smokin' the reefer to ease my mind
Swig some wine, step on the block with the rocks
But really we be servin' them dummies, see?
Gotta buck him on down
If he come back talkin', like, "Give me back me money!"
Thuggin' with me killers
Need us a liter of liquor, but niggas ain't got shit
With a sawed-off pump, chrome .38 pistol
Now, who ready to get bent?
Nigga like me fiendin' for them green leaves
But I ain't had no dough
Gotta make some money
So I'm makin' my dummy rocks if I go broke

It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(We gon' rock the party, rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(Better run and tell everybody, everybody, everybody)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon

Yeah, Little Lay, hey, comin' in the form of scripture
Finna get ya and hit ya with magic
Droppin' down lead, but I call it my gadgets
With an automatic-status, we spray
Time to load the Glocks, but I'm thinkin' not
There's another evil force tellin' me to do what I gotta do
So I up my pipe, a nigga dyin' tonight
And I'm always runnin' from the boys in blue
Biggie, blue's on my ass
Pull out the cellular phone to call Bone: "What's happenin'?"
Grab artillery, a nigga start packin'
'Cause a motherfucker tried to get me in a jackin'
And I did him, hit him right between the eyes
The spot was wise; wanna test a nigga size, it'll cost him
Nigga fuck around with the wrong shit
Y'all get mo' murdered all day, all day
We done paved the way and I'm on the run
I'ma call my boys and bring all the guns
Y'all niggas wanna have a little fun with number one, one, one?
Bloody red, red, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum
Bloody red, red, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum
Bloody red, red, rum…

It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(We gon' rock the party, rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(Better run and tell everybody, everybody, everybody)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(We gon' rock the party, rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
(Better run and tell everybody, everybody, everybody)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon


As we proceed to give you what you need
9-5, motherfuckers
Get live, motherfuckers
As we proceed to give you what you need
9-5, motherfuckers
Get live, motherfuckers
As we proceed to give you what you need
Now turn the mics up
East Coast, motherfuckers
Turn that mic up
Bad Boy, motherfuckers
Yeah, that beat is knocking to that microphone
Turn that shit the fuck up
Uh, what? Turn it up louder, yeah, uh
As we proceed to give you what you need
J.M. motherfuckers
J.M. motherfuckers
9-5, motherfuckers

Who shot ya? Separate the weak from the obsolete
Hard to creep them Brooklyn streets
It's on nigga, fuck all that bickering beef
I can hear sweat trickling down your cheek
Your heartbeat sound like Sasquatch feet
Thundering, shaking the concrete
Then the shit stop when I foil the plot
Neighbors call the cops, said they heard mad shots
Saw me in the drop, three and a quarter
Slaughter, electrical tape around your daughter
Old school, new school need to learn though
I burn, baby, burn like "Disco Inferno"
Burn slow like blunts with yayo
Peel more skins than Idaho Potato
Niggas know: the lyrical molesting is taking place
Fucking with B.I.G. it ain't safe
I make your skin chafe, rashes on them asses
Bumps and bruises, blunts and Land Cruisers
Big Poppa smash fools, bash fools
Niggas mad because I know that cash rules
Everything around me two Glock 9s
Any motherfucker whispering about mines
And I'm Crooklyn's finest
You rewind this, Bad Boy's behind this

As we proceed to give you what you need
9-5, motherfuckers
Get live, motherfuckers
As we proceed to give you what you need
East Coast, motherfuckers
Bad Boy, motherfuckers
Get high, motherfuckers
Get high, motherfuckers
Smoke blunts, motherfuckers
Get high, motherfuckers
Ready to die, motherfuckers
9-5, motherfuckers

I seen the light excite all the freaks
Stack mad chips, spread love with my peeps
Niggas wanna creep, gotta watch my back
Think the Cognac and indo sack make me slack?
I switches all that, cocksucker G's up
One false move, get Swiss cheesed up
Clip to TEC, respect I demand it
Slip and break the 11th Commandment
Thou shalt not fuck with nor see Poppa
Feel a thousand deaths when I drop ya
I feel for you, like Chaka Khan I'm the don
Pussy when I want, Rolex on the arm
You'll die slow but calm
Recognize my face, so there won't be no mistake
So you know where to tell Jake, lame nigga
Brave nigga, turned front page nigga
Puff Daddy flips daily
I smoke the blunts he sips on the Baileys
On the rocks, tote Glocks at christenings
Hammer cock, in the fire position and...

Come here, come here, (It ain't gotta be like that, Big)
Open your fucking mouth, open your—didn't I tell you?
Don't fuck with me? (Come on, man)
Huh? Didn't I tell you not to fuck with me? (Come on, man)
Look at you now, huh? (Come on, man)
Can't talk with a gun in your mouth, huh?
Bitch-ass nigga, what? Who shot ya?


To give you what you need
9-5, motherfuckers
Get live, motherfuckers (who shot ya?)
Get high, motherfuckers
Ready to die, motherfuckers, hah!
As we proceed (who shot ya?)
To give you what you need
9-5, motherfuckers
East Coast, motherfucker (Who shot ya?)
West Coast, motherfuckers
West Coast, motherfuckers, hah!
As we proceed, to give you what you need
As we proceed to give you what you need
Get live, motherfuckers
9-5, motherfuckers
Get money, motherfuckers
As we proceed to give you what you need
Get live, motherfuckers
9-5, motherfuckers
J.M. motherfuckers
J.M. motherfuckers
As we proceeeeeeed to give you what you need… 9-5


Now, who's hot, who not?
Tell me who rock, who sell out in the stores?
You tell me who flopped, who copped the blue drop?
Whose jewels got rocks?
Who's mostly Dolce down to the tube sock?
The same old pimp, Mase
You know ain't nothing change but my limp
Can't stop till I see my name on a blimp
Guarantee a million sales, call it level up
You don't believe in Harlem World, nigga, double up
We don't play around, it's a bet, lay it down
Niggas didn't know me '91, bet they know me now
I'm the young Harlem nigga with the Goldie sound
Can't no Ph.D. niggas hold me down
Cudda schooled me to the game, now I know my duty
Stay humble, stay low, blow like Hootie
True pimp niggas spend no dough on the booty
And then you yell, "There go Mase!", there go your cutie

I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

I'm the D to the A to the D-D-Y
Know you'd rather see me die than to see me fly
I call all the shots, rip all the spots
Rock all the rocks, cop all the drops
I know you thinking now, "When all the ballin' stops?"
Nigga never home, gotta call me on the yacht
Ten years from now we'll still be on top
Yo, I thought I told you that we won't stop
Now what you gon' do with a crew
That got money much longer than yours
And a team much stronger than yours?
Violate me, this'll be your day, we don't play
Mess around, be D.O.A. be on your way
‘Cause it ain't enough time here
Ain't enough lime here for you to shine here
Deal with many women but treat dimes fair
And I'm bigger than the city lights down in Times Square

I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

B-I-G P-O-P-P-A
No info for the DEA
Federal agents mad ‘cause I'm flagrant
Tap my cell and the phone in the basement
My team supreme, stay clean
Triple beam lyrical dream, I be that
Cat you see at all events bent
Gats in holsters, girls on shoulders
Playboy, I told ya, mere mics to me
Bruise too much, I lose too much
Step on stage, the girls boo too much
I guess it's ‘cause you run with lame dudes too much
Me lose my touch? Never that!
If I did, ain't no problem to get the gat
Where the true players at? Throw your Rolies in the sky
Wave 'em side to side and keep your hands high
While I give your girl the eye, player please
Lyrically, niggas see B.I.G be flossin’
Jig on the cover of Fortune, 5 double O
Here's my phone number, your man ain't got to know
I got the dough, got the flow down pizat
Platinum plus like thizat
Dangerous on trizacks, leave your ass flizat

I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

Yeah, mothafuckas better know
I'm a bad bad bad
Lock your windows, close your doors
Biggie Smalls

My man Inf left a Tec and a 9 at my crib
Turned his self in, he had to do a bid
A 1-to-3, he be home the end of '93
I'm ready to get this paper, G: you with me?

Motherfucking right, my pockets looking kinda tight
And I'm stressed
Yo, Biggie let me get the vest

No need for that, just grab the fucking gat
The first pocket that's fat, the Tec is to his back
Word is bond, I'mma smoke him, yo, don't fake no moves (what?)
Treat it like boxing, stick and move, stick and move

Nigga, you ain't got to explain shit
I've been robbing motherfuckas since the slave ships
With the same clip and the same .45
Two point blank, a motherfucker sure to die
That's my word, nigga even try to bogart
Have his mother singing, "It's so hard."

Yes, love—love your fucking attitude
Because the nigga play pussy, that's the nigga that's getting screwed
And bruised up from the pistol whipping
Welts on the neck from the necklace stripping
Then I'm dipping up the block and I'm robbing bitches too
Up the herringbones and bamboos
I wouldn't give a fuck if you're pregnant
Give me the baby rings and the #1 Mom pendant

I'm slamming niggas like Shaquille, shit is real
When it's time to eat a meal, I rob and steal
Cause mom dukes ain't giving me shit
So for the bread and butter I leave niggas in the gutter
Huh, word to mother, I'm dangerous
Crazier than a bag of fucking angel dust
When I bust my Gat, mothafuckas take dirt naps
I'm all that, and a dime sack, where the paper at?

When he's sticking you and taking all of your money

Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)

Big up, big up, it's a stick up, stick up
And I'm shooting niggas quick if ya hiccup
Don't let me fill my clip up in ya back and headpiece
The opposite of peace, sending Mom duke a wreath
You're talking to the robbery expert
Step into your wake with your blood on my shirt
Don't be a jerk and get smoked over being resistant
Cause when I lick shots, them shits is persistent

Goodness gracious, the papers!
Where the cash at? Where the stash at?
Nigga pass that
Before you get your grave dug from the main thug .357 slug
And my nigga Biggie got a itchy one grip

One in the chamber, thirty-two in the clip
Motherfuckas better strip, (yeah nigga, peel)
Before you find out how blue steel feel

From the Beretta, putting all the holes in ya sweater
The money-getter, motherfuckas don't know better
Rolex watches and colorful Swatches
I'm digging in pockets, motherfuckas can't stop it

Man niggas come through I'm taking high school rings too
Bitches get strangled for their earrings and bangles
And when I rock her and drop her, I'm taking her doorknockers
And if she's resistant: blakka, blakka, blakka

So go get your man bitch, he can get robbed too

Tell him Biggie took it, what the fuck he gonna do?
Man I hope apologetic or I'm a have to set it
And if I set it, the cocksucker won't forget it

Hey bitch, hey bitch, gimme your money bitch (when he's sticking you and taking all your money)

Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)

Man listen, all this walking is hurting my feet
Ooh money looks sweet

Where?

In the Isuzu jeep

Man, I throw him in the fiend you grab the fucking cream
And if he start to scream, bom bom, have a nice dream
Hold up, he got a fucking bitch in the car
Fur coats and diamonds, she think she a superstar

Ooh Biggie let me jack her, I'll kick her in the back
Hit her with the Gat

Yo chill shorty, let me do that
Just get the fucking car keys and cruise up the block
The bitch act shocked getting shot on the spot

Oh shit the cops

Be cool, fool
They ain't gonna roll up, all they want is fucking doughnuts

So why the fuck he keep looking?

I guess to get his life tooken
I just came home, ain't trying to see central booking
Oh shit, now he looking in my face
You better haul ass cause I ain't with no fucking chase
So lace up your boots, cause I'm about to shoot
A true motherfucka going out for the loot

Take that motherfuckers

All you hoes calling here for my daddy, get off his dick
Like that mommy?

*beep*

Hi Daddy, how you doing, this is Tyiest
I was thinking about you last night
Mm you actin' like you can't call me no more cause you busy n all that, but you trying to tell me it wasn't good?

*beep*

That shit is real fucked up what you did!
I hooked you up with my girl and shit you fucked her every time you see her, you don't even say shit to her, you know what I'm saying!
And all that bitch do is call me all day talking about you, "why the fuck Big don't want me?"

*beep*

Yo Big this is Quita, Kenya told me she saw you and Shanie at the mall and I know you ain't fucking her
You fucked with me last night, that's my best friend and we don't get down like that!

*beep*

Yeah motherfucker this is Stephanie
I was waiting outside for your ass for like a fucking hour
I don't know what's going on, motherfuckers trying to rob me, you be disappearing and shit, and I'm waiting in the cold
What the fuck is going on?
When you get in give me a fucking call alright?

*beep*

When it comes to sex, I’m similar to the Thrilla in Manila
Honeys call me "Bigga the Condom Filler"
Whether it’s stiff tongue or stiff dick
Biggie squeeze it to make shit fit, now check this shit
I got the pack of Rough Riders in the back of the Pathfinder
You know the epilogue by James Todd Smith
I get swift with the lyrical gift
Hit you with a dick, make your kidney shift
Here we go, here we go, but I’m not Domino
I got the funk flow to make your drawers drop slow
So recognize the dick size in these Karl Kani jeans
I wear thirteens, know what I mean?
I’ll fuck around and hit you with the Hennessy dick
Mess around and go blind, don’t get to see shit
The next batter, here to shatter your bladder
It doesn’t matter: skinny or fat or light-skinned or black
Baby, I drop these Boricua mamis screaming ¡ay papi!
I love it when they call me Big Poppa
I only smoke blunts if they rolled proper
Look, I gotcha caught up with the drunk flow
Fuck tae kwon do, I tote a .44
For niggas getting mad cause they bitch chose me
A big black motherfucker with G
You see, all I do is separate the game from the truth
Big bang boots from the Bronx to Bolivia
Getting physical like Olivia Newt
Tricks suck my clique dick all day with no trivia
So give me a ho, a bankroll and a bag of weed:
I’m guaranteed to fuck her ’til her nose bleed
Even if your new man’s a certified mack
You’ll get that H-Town in ya: you want that old thing back

Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
I got that good dick, girl, you didn’t know?
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
I got that good dick, girl, you didn’t know?
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
I got that good dick, girl, you didn’t know?
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance

Is my mind playing tricks, like Scarface and Bushwick
Willie D, having nightmares of girls killing me
She mad because what we had didn’t last
I’m glad because her cousin let me hit the ass
Fuck the past: let’s dwell on the 500SL, the E&J and ginger ale
The way my pockets swell to the rims with benjamins
Another honey’s in the crib? Please, send her in
I fuck non-stop, lick my lips a lot
Used to lick the clits a lot, but licking clits had to stop
‘Cause y’all don’t know how to act when the tongue go down below
Peep the funk flow
Really, though, I got the cleanest, meanest penis
You never seen this stroke of genius
So take off your Tim boots and your body suit
I mean the spandex -- and hit my man next
Sex get rougher when it come to the nut buster
Pussy crusher, black nasty motherfucker
I don’t chase 'em, I replace 'em
And if I’m caressing 'em I’m undressing 'em
Fuck what you heard, who’s the best in New York
Fulfilling fantasies without that nigga Mr. Roarke or Tattoo
I got you wrapped around my dick and when I nut I got to split
Shit, backshots is my position, I got you wishing for an intermission
Fuck the kissin'
Lick you down to your belly button, I ain’t frontin’
They don’t call me big for nuttin’ all of a sudden

Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance

I ain't got no motherfuckin' friends
That's why I fucked yo' bitch, you fat motherfucker!
(Take money) West Side, Bad Boy killas
(Take money) You know who the realest is
(Take money) We bring it too
(Take money)

First off, fuck yo' bitch and the clique you claim
Westside when we ride, come equipped with game
You claim to be a player, but I fucked your wife
We bust on Bad Boys, niggas fucked for life
Plus, Puffy tryna see me, weak hearts I rip
Biggie Smalls and Junior M.A.F.I.A. is some mark-ass bitches
We keep on comin' while we runnin' for your jewels
Steady gunnin', keep on bustin' at them fools, you know the rules
Lil' Caesar, go ask your homie how I'll leave ya
Cut your young-ass up, leave you in pieces, now be deceased
Lil' Kim, don't fuck around with real G's
Quick to snatch yo' ugly ass off the streets, so fuck peace!
I'll let them niggas know it's on for life
Don't let the Westside ride tonight (ha ha ha)
Bad Boy murdered on wax and killed
Fuck with me and get yo' caps peeled, you know

See, grab your Glocks when you see 2Pac
Call the cops when you see 2Pac, uh
Who shot me? But you punks didn't finish
Now you 'bout to feel the wrath of a menace
Nigga, I hit 'em up!

Check this out, you motherfuckers know what time it is
I don't even know why I'm on this track
Y'all niggas ain't even on my level
I'ma let my little homies ride
On you bitch-made ass Bad Boy bitches, feel it!

Get out the way yo, get out the way yo
Biggie Smalls just got dropped
Little Moo', pass the MAC
And let me hit him in his back
Frank White needs to get spanked right for settin' traps
Little accident murderer
And I ain't never heard of ya
Poisonous gats attack when I'm servin' ya
Spank ya, shank ya whole style when I gank
Guard your rank 'cause I'ma slam your ass in the paint
Puffy weaker than the fuckin' block I'm runnin' through, nigga
And I'm smokin' Junior M.A.F.I.A. in front of you, nigga
With the ready power
Tucked in my Guess under my Eddie Bauer
Your clout petty/sour
I push packages every hour; I hit 'em up!

Grab your Glocks when you see 2Pac
Call the cops when you see 2Pac, uh
Who shot me? But you punks didn't finish
Now you 'bout to feel the wrath of a menace
Nigga, we hit 'em up!

Peep how we do it, keep it real as penitentiary steel
This ain't no freestyle battle, all you niggas gettin' killed
With your mouths open
Tryna come up off of me, you in the clouds hopin'
Smokin' dope, it's like a sherm high
Niggas think they learned to fly
But they burn, motherfucker, you deserve to die
Talkin' about you gettin' money, but it's funny to me
All you niggas livin' bummy — why you fuckin' with me?
I'm a self-made millionaire
Thug livin', out of prison, pistols in the air (ha ha)
Biggie, remember when I used to let you sleep on the couch
And beg a bitch to let you sleep in the house?
Now it's all about Versace, you copied my style
Five shots couldn't drop me, I took it and smiled
Now I'm back to set the record straight
With my AK, I'm still the thug that you love to hate
Motherfucker, I hit 'em up!

I'm from N-E-W Jers' where plenty of murders occurs
No points or commas, we bring drama to all you herbs
Now go check the scenario: Lil' Cease
I'll bring you fake G's to your knees, coppin' pleas in de Janeiro
Little Kim, is you coked up or doped up?
Get your little Junior Whopper click smoked up
What the fuck, is you stupid?
I take money, crash and mash through Brooklyn
With my click lootin', shootin' and pollutin' your block
With a 15-shot cocked Glock to your knot
Outlaw MAFIA clique movin' up another notch
And your pop stars popped and get mopped and dropped
All your fake-ass East Coast props brainstormed and locked

You's a beat biter, a Pac style taker
I'll tell you to your face you ain't shit but a faker
Softer than Alize with a chaser
About to get murdered for the paper
E.D.I. Mean approach the scene of the caper
Like a loc, with Little Ceas' in a choke
Gun totin' smoke, we ain't no motherfuckin' joke
Thug Life, niggas better be knowin'
We approachin' in the wide open, gun smokin'
No need for hopin', it's a battle lost
I got 'em crossed as soon as the funk is boppin' off
Nigga, I hit 'em up!

Now you tell me who won
I see them, they run, ha ha
They don't wanna see us
Whole Junior M.A.F.I.A. clique dressin' up tryna be us
How the fuck they gonna be the mob
When we always on our job?
We millionaires
Killin' ain't fair, but somebody gotta do it
Oh yeah, Mobb Deep, you wanna fuck with us?
You little young-ass motherfuckers
Don't one of you niggas got sickle-cell or somethin'?
You're fuckin' with me, nigga
You fuck around and have a seizure or a heart attack
You better back the fuck up
Before you get smacked the fuck up
This is how we do it on our side
Any of you niggas from New York that wanna bring it, bring it!
But we ain't singin', we bringin' drama
Fuck you and yo' motherfuckin' mama!
We gon' kill all you motherfuckers!
Now when I came out I told you it was just about Biggie
Then everybody had to open their mouth
With a motherfuckin' opinion
Well, this is how we gonna do this: fuck Mobb Deep! Fuck Biggie!
Fuck Bad Boy as a staff, record label and as a motherfuckin' crew!
And if you wanna be down with Bad Boy, then fuck you too!
Chino XL, fuck you too!
All you motherfuckers, fuck you too!
(Take money, take money)
All of y'all motherfuckers, fuck you, die slow!
Motherfucker, my .44 make sho' all y'all kids don't grow!
You motherfuckers can't be us or see us
We motherfuckin' Thug Life ridas, Westside 'til we die!
Out here in California, nigga, we warned ya
We'll bomb on you motherfuckers! We do our job!
You think you mob? Nigga, we the motherfuckin' mob!
Ain't nothin' but killas
And the real niggas, all you motherfuckers feel us
Our shit goes triple and 4-quadruple
You niggas laugh 'cause our staff got guns under their motherfuckin' belts
You know how it is: when we drop records, they felt
You niggas can't feel it, we the realest
Fuck 'em, we Bad Boy killas!

Little something for my godson Elijah
And a little girl named Corin

Some say the blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
I say the darker the flesh, then the deeper the roots
I give a holla to my sisters on welfare
2Pac cares if don't nobody else care
And I know they like to beat you down a lot
When you come around the block, brothers clown a lot
But please don't cry, dry your eyes, never let up
Forgive, but don't forget, girl, keep ya head up
And when he tells you you ain't nothin', don't believe him
And if he can't learn to love you, you should leave him
‘Cause, sister, you don't need him
And I ain't tryin' to gas you up, I just call 'em how I see 'em
You know what makes me unhappy?
When brothers make babies
And leave a young mother to be a pappy
And since we all came from a woman
Got our name from a woman and our game from a woman
I wonder why we take from our women
Why we rape our women — do we hate our women?
I think it's time to kill for our women
Time to heal our women, be real to our women
And if we don't we'll have a race of babies
That will hate the ladies that make the babies
And since a man can't make one
He has no right to tell a woman when and where to create one
So will the real men get up?
I know you're fed up, ladies, but keep ya head up

Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things are gonna get easier
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things'll get brighter
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things are gonna get easier
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things'll get brighter

Ayo, I remember Marvin Gaye used to sing to me
He had me feelin' like black was the thing to be
And suddenly the ghetto didn't seem so tough
And though we had it rough, we always had enough
I huffed and puffed about my curfew and broke the rules
Ran with a local crew and had a smoke or two
And I realize Mama really paid the price
She nearly gave her life to raise me right
And all I had to give her was my pipe dream
Of how I'd rock the mic and make it to the bright screen
I'm tryin' to make a dollar out of fifteen cents
It's hard to be legit and still pay the rent
And in the end it seems I'm headin' for the pen
I try to find my friends, but they're blowin' in the wind
Last night my buddy lost his whole family
It's gonna take the man in me to conquer this insanity
It seems the rain'll never let up
I try to keep my head up and still keep from gettin' wet up
You know, it's funny, when it rains it pours
They got money for wars but can't feed the poor
Say there ain't no hope for the youth
And the truth is it ain't no hope for the future
And then they wonder why we crazy
I blame my mother for turnin' my brother into a crack baby
We ain't meant to survive, ‘cause it's a set-up
And even though you're fed up, huh, you got to keep ya head up

Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things are gonna get easier
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things'll get brighter
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things are gonna get easier
Keep ya head up, ooh, child
Things'll get brighter

And uh, to all the ladies havin' babies on they own
I know it's kinda rough and you're feelin' all alone
Daddy's long gone and he left you by your lonesome
Thank the Lord for my kids even if nobody else want 'em
‘Cause I think we can make it; in fact, I'm sure
And if you fall, stand tall and come back for more
‘Cause ain't nothin' worse than when your son
Wants to know why his daddy don't love him no mo'
You can't complain you was dealt this
Hell of a hand without a man, feelin' helpless
Because there's too many things for you to deal with
Dyin' inside, but outside you're lookin' fearless
While tears is rollin' down your cheeks
You steady hopin' things don't fall down this week
‘Cause if it did, you couldn't take it
And don't blame me — I was given this world, I didn't make it
And now my son's gettin' older and older
And colder from havin' the world on his shoulders
While the rich kids is drivin' Benz
I'm still tryin' to hold on to survivin' friends
And it's crazy, it seems it'll never let up
But please, you got to keep ya head up

Makaveli in this, Killuminati
All through your body
That blows like a 12-gauge shotty, feel me!
And God said he should send his one begotten son
To lead the wild into the ways of the man
Follow me! Eat my flesh, flesh of my flesh!

Come with me!
Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see
What do we have here now?
Do you wanna ride or die?
La la-da-la la la la la

I ain't a killer, but don't push me
Revenge is like the sweetest joy next to gettin' pussy
Picture paragraphs unloaded, wise words bein' quoted
Peeped the weakness in the rap game and sewed it
Bow down, pray to God, hopin' that he's listenin'
Seein' niggas comin' for me and my diamonds when they glistenin'
Now pay attention: bless me please, Father, I'm a ghost
In these killing fields, Hail Mary, catch me if I go
Let's go deep inside the solitary mind of a madman
Screams in the dark, evil lurks, enemies see me flee
Activate my hate, let it break to the flame
Set trip, empty out my clip, never stop to aim
Some say the game is all corrupt and fucked in this shit
Stuck, niggas is lucky if we bust out this shit
Plus, Mama told me never stop until I bust a nut
Fuck the world if they can't adjust, it's just as well, Hail Mary

Come with me!
Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see
What do we have here now?
Do you wanna ride or die?
La la-da-la la la la la

Penitentiaries is packed with promise-makers
Never realize the precious time that bitch niggas is wastin'
Institutionalized, I live my life a product made to crumble
But too hardened for a smile, we're too crazy to be humble
We ballin', catch me, Father, please
‘Cause I'm fallin' in the liquor store
Pass the Hennessy, I hear you callin', can I get some more?
Hell, 'til I reach Hell, I ain't scared
Mama checkin' in my bedroom, I ain't there
I got a head with no screws in it, what can I do?
One life to live, but I got nothin' to lose
Just me and you on a one-way trip to prison, sellin' drugs
We all wrapped up in this livin', life as thugs
To my homeboys in Clinton Max doin' their bid
Raise hell to this real shit and feel this
When they turn out the lights, I'll be there in the dark
Thuggin' eternal through my heart; now hail Mary, nigga!

Come with me!
Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see
What do we have here now?
Do you wanna ride or die?
La la-da-la la la la la

They got a APB out on my thug family
Since Outlawz run these streets like these scandalous freaks
Our enemies die now, walk around half-dead
Head down, K-blasted off of Hennessy and Thai chronic
Mixed in, now I'm twisted, blistered and high
Visions of me thug-livin' gettin' me by
Forever live, and I multiply, survived by thugs
When I die they won't cry unless they comin' with slugs

Peep the whole scene and whatever's goin' on around me
Brain kind of cloudy, smoked out, feelin' rowdy
Ready to wet the party up
And whoever in that mothafucka, nasty new street slugger
My heat seeks suckers on the regular
Mashin' in a stolen Black Ac' Integra
Cocked back, 60 seconds 'til the draw, that's when I'm deadin' ya
Feet first, you've got a nice gat but my heat's worse
From a thug to preachin' church
I gave you love, now you eatin' dirt
Needin' work, and I ain't the nigga to put you on
‘Cause word is bond; when I was broke, I had to hustle 'til dawn
That's when the sun came up, there's only one way up
Hold your head and stay up
To all my niggas, get your pay and weight up

If it's on, then it's on, we rape beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate?
To this shit I don't got be the shit I gotta take
Dealin' with fate, hopin' God don't close the gate
If it's on, then it's on, we rape beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate?
To this shit I don't got be the shit I gotta take
Dealin' with fate, hopin' God don't close the gate

Come with me!
Hail Mary, nigga, run quick, see
What do we have here now?
Do you wanna ride or die?
La la-da-la la la la la

We've been travelin' on this weary road
Sometimes life can be a heavy load
But we ride, ride it like a bullet
Hail Mary, hail Mary
We won't worry, everything will curry
Free like the bird in the tree
We won't worry, everything will curry
Yes, we free like the bird in the tree
We runnin' from the penitentiary
This is the time for we liberty
Hail Mary, hail Mary!

Westside, Outlawz
Makaveli the Don, solo
Killuminati, The 7 Days

I see no changes, wake up in the morning and I ask myself
Is life worth livin'? Should I blast myself?
I'm tired of bein' poor and, even worse, I'm black
My stomach hurts so I'm lookin' for a purse to snatch
Cops give a damn about a negro
Pull the trigger, kill a nigga, he's a hero
"Give the crack to the kids, who the hell cares?
One less hungry mouth on the welfare!"
First ship 'em dope and let 'em deal to brothers
Give 'em guns, step back, watch 'em kill each other
"It's time to fight back," that's what Huey said
Two shots in the dark, now Huey's dead
I got love for my brother
But we can never go nowhere unless we share with each other
We gotta start makin' changes
Learn to see me as a brother instead of two distant strangers
And that's how it's supposed to be
How can the Devil take a brother if he's close to me?
I'd love to go back to when we played as kids
But things change… and that's the way it is

That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is, aww yeah
That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is, aww yeah

I see no changes, all I see is racist faces
Misplaced hate makes disgrace to races
We under, I wonder what it takes to make this
One better place, let's erase the wasted
Take the evil out the people, they'll be actin' right
‘Cause both black and white are smokin' crack tonight
And the only time we chill is when we kill each other
It takes skill to be real, time to heal each other
And although it seems heaven-sent
We ain't ready to see a black president
It ain't a secret, don't conceal the fact
The penitentiary's packed and it's filled with blacks
But some things will never change
Try to show another way but you stayin' in the dope game
Now tell me, what's a mother to do?
Bein' real don't appeal to the brother in you
You gotta operate the easy way
"I made a G today," but you made it in a sleazy way
Sellin' crack to the kids
"I gotta get paid!" — well hey, but that's the way it is

That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is, aww yeah
That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is, aww yeah

We gotta make a change
It's time for us as a people to start makin' some changes
Let's change the way we eat
Let's change the way we live
And let's change the way we treat each other
You see the old way wasn't workin'
So it's on us to do what we gotta do to survive

And still I see no changes; can't a brother get a little peace?
It's war on the streets and a war in the Middle East
Instead of war on poverty
They got a war on drugs so the police can bother me
And I ain't never did a crime I ain't have to do
But now I'm back with the facts, givin' it back to you
Don't let 'em jack you up, back you up
Crack you up and pimp-smack you up
You gotta learn to hold your own
They get jealous when they see you with your mobile phone
But tell the cops they can't touch this
I don't trust this, when they try to rush I bust this
That's the sound of my tool
You say it ain't cool, my mama didn't raise no fool
And as long as I stay black, I gotta stay strapped
And I never get to lay back
‘Cause I always got to worry 'bout the payback
Some buck that I roughed up way back
Comin' back after all these years
"Rat-a-tat-tat-tat-tat," that's the way it is

That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is, aww yeah
(You're my brother, you're my sister)
That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is, aww yeah

Some things'll never change

When I was young, me and my mama had beef
Seventeen years old, kicked out on the streets
Though back at the time I never thought I'd see her face
Ain't a woman alive that could take my mama's place
Suspended from school, and scared to go home, I was a fool
With the big boys breakin' all the rules
I shed tears with my baby sister, over the years
We was poorer than the other little kids
And even though we had different daddies, the same drama
When things went wrong we'd blame Mama
I reminisce on the stress I caused, it was hell
Huggin' on my mama from a jail cell
And who'd think in elementary, hey
I'd see the penitentiary one day?
And runnin' from the police, that's right
Mama catch me, put a whoopin' to my backside
And even as a crack fiend, Mama
You always was a black queen, Mama
I finally understand
For a woman it ain't easy tryin' to raise a man
You always was committed
A poor single mother on welfare, tell me how you did it
There's no way I can pay you back, but the plan
Is to show you that I understand: you are appreciated

Lady, don't you know we love ya? (Dear Mama)
Sweet lady, place no one above ya (You are appreciated)
Sweet lady, don't you know we love ya?

Now, ain't nobody tell us it was fair
No love from my daddy, ‘cause the coward wasn't there
He passed away and I didn't cry, ‘cause my anger
Wouldn't let me feel for a stranger
They say I'm wrong and I'm heartless, but all along
I was lookin' for a father, he was gone
I hung around with the thugs
And even though they sold drugs
They showed a young brother love
I moved out and started really hangin'
I needed money of my own, so I started slangin'
I ain't guilty, ‘cause even though I sell rocks
It feels good puttin' money in your mailbox
I love payin' rent when the rent is due
I hope you got the diamond necklace that I sent to you
‘Cause when I was low you was there for me
And never left me alone, because you cared for me
And I could see you comin' home after work late
You're in the kitchen, tryin' to fix us a hot plate
You just workin' with the scraps you was given
And Mama made miracles every Thanksgivin'
But now the road got rough, you're alone
You're tryin' to raise two bad kids on your own
And there's no way I can pay you back, but my plan
Is to show you that I understand: you are appreciated

Lady, don't you know we love ya? (Dear Mama)
Sweet lady, place no one above ya (You are appreciated)
Sweet lady, don't you know we love ya?

Pour out some liquor and I reminisce
‘Cause through the drama I can always depend on my mama
And when it seems that I'm hopeless
You say the words that can get me back in focus
When I was sick as a little kid
To keep me happy there's no limit to the things you did
And all my childhood memories
Are full of all the sweet things you did for me
And even though I act crazy
I gotta thank the Lord that you made me
There are no words that can express how I feel
You never kept a secret, always stayed real
And I appreciate how you raised me
And all the extra love that you gave me
I wish I could take the pain away
If you can make it through the night, there's a brighter day
Everything will be alright if you hold on
It's a struggle every day, gotta roll on
And there's no way I can pay you back, but my plan
Is to show you that I understand: you are appreciated

Lady, don't you know we love ya? (Dear Mama)
Sweet lady, place no one above ya (You are appreciated)
Sweet lady, don't you know we love ya? (Dear Mama)
Sweet lady, lady (Dear Mama)
Lady, lady

California love
California knows how to party
California knows how to party
In the city of L.A.
In the city of good ol' Watts
In the city, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin', we keep it rockin'

Now let me welcome everybody to the Wild Wild West
A state that's untouchable like Eliot Ness
The track hits your eardrum like a slug to your chest
Pack a vest for your Jimmy in the city of sex
We in that sunshine state where the bomb-ass hemp be
The state where you never find a dance floor empty
And pimps be on a mission for them greens
Lean mean money-making-machines servin' fiends
I been in the game for 10 years makin' rap tunes
Ever since honeys was wearin' Sassoon
Now it's '95 and they clock me and watch me
Diamonds shinin', lookin' like I robbed Liberace
It's all good, from Diego to the Bay
Your city is the bomb if your city makin' pay
Throw up a finger if you feel the same way
Dre puttin' it down for Californ-i-a

California knows how to party
California knows how to party (Yes, they do)
In the city of L.A.
In the city of good ol' Watts
In the city, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin'

Shake, shake it, baby
Shake, shake it, mama
Shake it, Cali
Shake it, shake it, baby
Shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it

Out on bail, fresh out of jail, California dreamin'
Soon as I step on the scene, I'm hearin' hoochies screamin'
Fiendin' for money and alcohol, the life of a Westside player
Where cowards die and the strong ball
Only in Cali where we riot, not rally, to live and die
In L.A. we wearin' Chucks, not Ballys (yeah, that's right)
Dressed in Locs and Khaki suits, and ride is what we do
Flossin' but have caution: we collide with other crews
Famous because we program
Worldwide, let them recognize from Long Beach to Rosecrans
Bumpin' and grindin' like a slow jam
It's Westside, so you know the Row won't bow down to no man
Say what you say, but give me that bomb beat from Dre
Let me serenade the streets of L.A.
From Oakland to Sac-town, the Bay Area and back down
Cali is where they put their mack down; give me love!

California knows how to party
California knows how to party (Yes, they do)
In the city of L.A.
In the city of good ol' Watts
In the city, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin'

South Central
(Uh, that's right)
Now make it shake

Shake, shake it, baby
Shake, shake it, mama
Shake it, Cali
Shake it, shake it, baby
Shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it

Shake it, Cali
Uh, uh, West Coast
Uh, yeah, uh, uh, Long Beach in the house
Uh, yeah, Oaktown
Oakland definitely in the house
Frisco, Frisco

And you know L.A. up in here
Pasadena, where you at?
Yeah, Inglewood
Inglewood always up to no good
Even Hollywood tryin' to get a piece, baby
Sacramento, Sacramento where you at?
Throw it up, y'all! Throw it up, throw it up!
I can't see ya
Let's show these fools how we do it over on this Westside
'Cause you and I know it's the best side
Yeah, that's right
West Coast, west Coast

I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothin' to a G
Let's get ready to rumble!

Now, you know how we do it, like a G
What really go on in the mind of a nigga
That get down for theirs
Constantly, money over bitches
Not bitches over money
Stay on your grind, nigga
My ambitions as a ridah
My ambitions as a ridah

So many battlefield scars while driven in plush cars
This life as a rap star is nothin' without guard
Was born rough and rugged, addressin' the mass public
My attitude was "fuck it," 'cause motherfuckers love it
To be a soldier, must maintain composure at ease
Though life is complicated, only what you make it to be
Uh, and my ambitions as a ridah
To catch her while she hot and horny, go up inside her
Then I spit some game in her ear, "Go to the telly, ho!"
Equipped with money in a Benz 'cause, bitch, I'm barely broke
I'm smokin' bomb-ass weed, feelin' Crucial
From player to player, the game's tight, the feeling's mutual
From hustlin' and prayers to breakin' motherfuckers to pay up
I got no time for these bitches, 'cause these hoes try to play us
I'm on a meal ticket mission, want a mil' so I'm wishin'
Competition got me ripped on that bullshit they stressin' (Booyah)
I'ma rhyme though, clown hoes like it's mandatory
No guts, no glory, my nigga, bitch got the game distorted
Now it's on and it's on because I said so
Can't trust a bitch in the business so I got with Death Row
Now these money-hungry bitches gettin' suspicious
Started plottin' and plannin' on schemes to come and trick us
But thug niggas be on point and game tight (Yeah)
Me, Syke and Bogart wrap it up the same night
Got problems, then handle it, motherfuckers see me
These niggas is jealous
'Cause deep in the hearts they wanna be me
Uh, yeah, and now you got me right beside ya, hopin' you listen
I catch you payin' attention to my ambitions as a ridah

I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
(My ambitions as a ridah)
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothin' to a G
(I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah)

It was my only wish to rise
Above these jealous coward motherfuckers I despise
When it's time to ride, I was the first off this side, give me the 9
I'm ready to die right here tonight and motherfuck they life
That's what they screamin' as they drill me, but I'm hard to kill
So open fire, I see you kill me, witness my steel
(That's all you niggas got?)
Spittin' at adversaries, envious and after me
I'd rather die before they capture me, watch me bleed
Mama, come rescue me, I'm suicidal, thinkin' thoughts
I'm innocent so there'll be bullets flyin' when I'm caught (Shoot)
Fuck doin' jail time, better day, sacrifice
Won't get a chance to do me like they did my nigga Tys
Thuggin' for life, and if you right, then nigga die for it
Let them other brothers try, at least you tried for it
When it's time to die, to be a man and pick the way you leave
Fuck peace and the police, my ambitions as a ridah

I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
(My ambitions as a ridah)
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothin' to a G

My murderous lyrics, equipped with spirits of the thugs before me
Pay off the block, evade the cops 'cause I know they comin' for me
I been hesitant to reappear, been away for years
Now I'm back, my adversaries been reduced to tears
Question my methods to switch up speeds
Sure as some bitches bleed
Niggas'll feel the fire of my mother's corrupted seed
Blast me but they didn't finish, didn't diminish my powers
(Buck-buck-buck-buck-buck)
So now I'm back to be a motherfuckin' menace
They cowards, that's why they tried to set me up
Had bitch-ass niggas on my team so indeed they wet me up
But I'm back reincarnated, incarcerated
At the time I contemplate the way that God made it
Lace 'em with lyrics that's legendary, musical mercenary
For money I'll have these motherfuckers buried
I been gettin' much mail in jail, niggas tellin' me to kill it
Knowin' when I get out they gon' feel it
Witness the realest, a hoo-ridah when I put the shit inside
The cry from all your people when they find ya
Just remind ya, my history'll prove authentic
Revenge on them niggas that played me
And all the cowards that was down with it
Now it's your nigga right beside ya, hopin' you listenin'
Catch you payin' attention to my ambitions as a ridah

I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
(My ambitions as a ridah)
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothin' to a G
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
Got the police bustin' at me
But they can't do nothin' to a G
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me

Big Syke, Newt, Hank, Beugard, Big Sur
Y'all know how this shit go
All eyes on me
Motherfuckin' OG
Roll up in the club and shit, is that right?
All eyes on me
All eyes on me
But you know what?

I bet you got it twisted, you don't know who to trust
So many player-hatin' niggas tryna sound like us
Say they ready for the funk, but I don't think they knowin'
Straight to the depths of Hell is where them cowards goin'
Well, are you still down? Nigga, holla when you see me
And let these devils be sorry for the day they finally freed me
I got a caravan of niggas every time we ride
Hittin' motherfuckers up when we pass by
Until I die, live the life of a boss player, 'cause even when I'm high
Fuck with me and get crossed later, the futures in my eyes
'cause all I want is cash and thangs
A five-double-oh Benz, flauntin' flashy rings
Uhh, bitches pursue me like a dream
Been known to disappear before your eyes just like a dope fiend
It seems, my main thing was to be major paid
The game sharper than a motherfuckin' razor blade
Say money bring bitches, bitches bring lies
One nigga's gettin' jealous and motherfuckers die
Depend on me like the first and fifteenth
They might hold me for a second, but these punks won't get me
We got four niggas in low riders and ski masks
Screamin', "Thug Life" every time they pass, all eyes on me

Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me
All eyes on me
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high

Heeyyy, to my nigga 'Pac

So much trouble in the world, nigga
Can't nobody feel your pain
The world's changin' everyday, time's movin' fast
My girl said I need a raise, how long will she last?
I'm caught between my woman and my pistol and my chips
Triple beam, got some smokers on, whistle as I dip
I'm lost in the land with no plan, livin' life flawless
Crime boss, contraband, let me toss this
Needy hookers got a lot of nerve
Let my bucket swerve, I'm takin' off from the curb
The nervousness neglect make me pack a TEC
Devoted to servin' this Moët and pay checks
Like Akai satellite, nigga, I'm forever ballin'
It ain't right: parasites, triggers, and fleas crawlin'
Sucker, duck and get busted, no emotion
My devotion is handlin' my business, nigga, keep on coastin'
Where you goin', I been there, came back as lonely, homie
Steady flowin' against the grain, niggas still don't know me
It's about the money in this rap shit, this crap shit
It ain't funny, niggas don't even know how to act, shit
What can I do? What can I say? Is there another way?
Blunts and gin all day, 24 parlay
My little homie G, can't you see I'm buster-free?
Niggas can't stand me; all eyes on me

Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me
All eyes on me
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me

The feds is watchin', niggas plottin' to get me
Will I survive? Will I die? Come on, let's picture the possibility
Givin' me charges, lawyers makin' a grip
I told the judge I was raised wrong and that's why I blaze shit
Was hyper as a kid, cold as a teenager
On my mobile, callin' big shots on the scene major
Packin' hundreds in my drawers, fuck the law
Bitches, I fuck with a passion, I'm livin' rough and raw
Catchin' cases at a fast rate, ballin' in the fast lane
Hustle 'til the mornin', never stopped until the cash came
Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die
Live my life as a boss player, 'cause even gettin' high
These niggas got me tossin' shit
I put the top down, now it's time to floss my shit
Keep your head up, nigga, make these motherfuckers suffer
Up in the Benz, burnin' rubber
The money is mandatory, the hoes is for the stress
This criminal lifestyle, equipped with a bulletproof vest
Make sure your eyes is on the meal ticket, get your money
Motherfucker, let's get rich and we'll kick it; all eyes on me

Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me
All eyes on me
Live the life of a thug nigga until the day I die
Live the life of a boss player 'cause even gettin' high
All eyes on me

Pay attention, my niggas! See how that shit go?
Nigga walk up in this motherfucker and it be like, "Bing!"
Cops, bitches, every-motherfuckin'-body
(Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die)
(Live my life as a boss playa, 'cause even gettin' high)
I got bustas, hoes, and police watchin' a nigga, you know?
(I live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die)
(Livin' life as a boss playa, 'cause even gettin' high)
He he he, it's like what they think
I'm walkin' around with some ki's in my pocket or somethin'
They think I'm goin' back to jail, they really on that dope
(Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die)
(Live my life as a boss playa)
I know y'all watchin', I know y'all got me in the scopes
(Live my life as a thug nigga until the day I die)
(Live my life as a boss playa, 'cause even gettin' high)
I know y'all know this is Thug Life, baby!
Y'all got me under surveillance, huh?
All eyes on me, but I'm knowin'

You try to plant somethin in the conrete, y'knowhatImean?
If it GROW, and the and the rose petal got all kind of
Scratches and marks, you not gon' say, "Damn, look at
All the scratches and marks on the rose that grew from concrete"
You gon' be like, "Damn! A rose grew from the concrete?!"
Same thing with me, y'knahmean? I grew out of all of this
Instead of sayin, "Damn, he did this, he did this,"
Just be like, "DAMN! He grew out of that? He came out of that?"
That's what they should say, y'knowhatImean?
All the trouble to survive and make good out of the dirty, nasty
Y'knowhahatImean unbelievable lifestyle they gave me
I'm just tryin to make somethin..

When no one even cared
The rose it grew from concrete
Keepin all these dreams
Provin nature's laws wrong
It learned how to walk without havin feet
It came from concrete

Did you hear about the rose that grew from a crack in the concrete?
Provin nature's laws wrong it learned how to walk without havin feet
Funny it seems but, by keepin its dreams
It, learned to breathe FRESH air
Long live the rose that grew from concrete
When no one else even cared
No one else even cared..
The rose that grew from concrete

Did you hear..
Did you hear about the rose that grew from a crack in the concrete?
Provin nature's laws wrong
It learned to walk without having feet
Funny it seems but by keeping its dreams
It learned to breathe FRESH air
Long live the rose that grew from concrete
When no one else, even cared

Keepin all these dreams
Provin nature's laws wrong
It learned how to walk without havin feet (to breathe the fresh air)
It came from concrete (to breathe the fresh air)
(to breathe the fresh air, to breathe the fresh air)

You see you wouldn't ask why the rose that grew from the concrete
Had damaged petals. On the contrary, we would all celebrate its
Tenacity. We would all love it's will to reach the sun
Well, we are the roses - this is the concrete - and these are
My damaged petals. Don't ask me why, thank God nigga, ask me how!
Hahahaha..

How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on

As I bail through the empty halls, breath stinkin' in my jaws
Ring, ring, ring — quiet, y'all, incomin' call
Plus this my homie from high school, he gettin' by
It's time to bury another brother, nobody cry
Life as a baller: alcohol and booty calls
We used to do 'em as adolescents, do you recall?
Raised as G's, loc'ed out, and blazed the weed
Get on the roof, let's get smoked out, and blaze with me
Two in the morning and we still high, assed out
Screamin', "Thug 'til I die!" before I passed out
But now that you're gone, I'm in the zone
Thinkin' I don't wanna die all alone, but now you gone
And all I got left are stinkin' memories
I love them niggas to death, I'm drinkin' Hennessy
While tryin' to make it last
I drank a fifth for that ass when you passed, 'cause life goes on

How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on

Yeah nigga, I got the word it's hell
You blew trial and the judge gave you 25 with an L
Time to prepare to do fed time, won't see parole
Imagine life as a convict that's gettin' old
Plus with the drama, we're lookin' out for your baby's mama
Takin' risks, while keepin' cheap tricks from gettin' on her
Life in the hood is all good for nobody
Remember gamin' on dumb hotties at yo' party
Me and you, no truer two, while schemin' on hits
And gettin' tricks that maybe we can slide into
But now you buried — rest, nigga, 'cause I ain't worried
Eyes blurry, sayin' goodbye at the cemetery
Though memories fade
I got your name tatted on my arm
So we both ball 'til my dyin' days
Before I say goodbye
Kato and Mental, rest in peace! Thug 'til I die!

How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on

Bury me smilin' with G's in my pocket
Have a party at my funeral, let every rapper rock it
Let the hoes that I used to know
From way befo' kiss me from my head to my toe
Give me a paper and a pen, so I can write about my life of sin
A couple bottles of gin, in case I don't get in
Tell all my people I'm a Ridah
Nobody cries when we die, we Outlawz, let me ride
Until I get free
I live my life in the fast lane, got police chasin' me
To my niggas from old blocks, from old crews
Niggas that guided me through back in the old school
Pour out some liquor, have a toast for the homies
See, we both gotta die, but you chose to go before me
And brothers miss you while you gone
You left your nigga on his own; how long we mourn? Life goes on

How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on
How many brothers fell victim to the streets?
Rest in peace, young nigga, there's a heaven for a G
Be a lie If I told you that I never thought of death
My niggas, we the last ones left, but life goes on

Life goes on, homie
Gone on, 'cause they passed away
Niggas doin' life
Niggas doin' 50 and 60 years and shit
I feel you, nigga, trust me, I feel you
You know what I mean?
Last year we poured out liquor for ya
This year, nigga, life goes on, we're gonna clock now
Get money, evade bitches, evade tricks
Give playa haters plenty of space
And basically just represent for you, baby
Next time you see your niggas, we gon' be on top, nigga
You gon' be like, "Goddamn, them niggas came up!"
That's right, baby, life goes on
And we up out this bitch
Hey, Kato! Mental!
Y'all niggas make sure it's poppin'
When we get up there, man, don't front
Life goes on
Hold me no more, hold me no more
Yes it do, yes it do, yes it do